All users can write the bucket ACP / ACL
Description
  "Bucket has permissions (ACP / ACL) which let all users modify the permissions"
  
Suggested_action_brief
  "Remove the entry from the bucket permissions that allows everyone to edit permissions"
 
Detail 
"An S3 ACL is a sub-resource that’s attached to every S3 bucket and object. It defines which AWS accounts or groups are granted access and the type of access. When you create a bucket or an object, Amazon S3 creates a default ACL that grants the resource owner full control over the resource. Some users have changed the S3 default permissions and granted public access to their buckets via S3 ACLs. Although you can grant public access to your bucket using ACLs, you must take the following issues into consideration: Bucket public "Write ACP" access: This is sometimes referred to as "edit permissions" access. It allows anyone to modify the access control permissions on the bucket. These entities can add grants to the ACL, opening your bucket to more public access than you want. For example, a public WRITE_ACP permission on your bucket enables anyone to modify the ACL and grant permissions such as, for example, grant write permission on your bucket to others. You can use ACLs to grant permissions to individual AWS accounts; however, it is strongly recommended that you do not grant public access to your bucket using an ACL."

Sometimes S3 Bucket Policies are sometimes confused with S3 ACLs, which is a separate S3 feature. S3 bucket policies are a type of access control list but are different than S3 ACLs. S3 bucket policies specify what actions are allowed or denied for which principals on the bucket that the bucket policy is attached to. You attach S3 bucket policies at the bucket level, but the permissions specified in the bucket policy apply to all the objects in the bucket. As a general rule, we recommend using S3 bucket policies or IAM policies for access control. S3 ACLs is a legacy access control mechanism that predates IAM. However, if you already use S3 ACLs and you find them sufficient, there is no need to change.
https://aws.amazon.com/articles/5050
https://blogs.aws.amazon.com/security/post/TxPOJBY6FE360K/IAM-policies-and-Bucket-Policies-and-ACLs-Oh-My-Controlling-Access-to-S3-Resourc

Suggested Action:
Remove the entry from the bucket permissions that allows everyone to edit permissions
"Use the following steps to remove any public access that you have granted to your bucket via an Access Control List (ACL):
https://aws.amazon.com/articles/5050 "

Additional info
"Amazon S3 provides a rich set of mechanisms for you to manage access to your buckets and objects. An Access Control List (ACL) is one of these access control mechanisms. ACLs identify which AWS account or groups are allowed to perform what kind of actions. To learn more about the groups and types of permissions, read the Access Control List (ACL) Overview.
http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/ACLOverview.html
Also, readManaging ACLs in the AWS Management Console
http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/ManageACLsUsingConsole.html
